[SWOOSH]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today on "Cosmic
Disclosure," we're with Tim,
a tactical advisor from Germany
who analyzes and suggests
various strategies in relation
to extraterrestrial groups
in contact with Earth.
Also joining us today
is Captain Randy Cramer,
who claims to be the public
spokesperson for the United
States Marine Corps
Special section.
Welcome, gentlemen.
>>TIM: Thank you.
>>EMERY: We're going to have
a really intriguing episode
today, talking about bases
and beings in Antarctica.
So Tim, let's start with you.
What do you know
about Antarctica
with some of the
bases and beings there
and some of the history?
>>TIM: Yeah, so my
knowledge about Antarctica
is from documents, and
it ends kind of-- it's
somewhere in the 1960s.
So Germany in the 1930s, 1920s,
they were really interested
in the--
now called UAP phenomenon.
It was then the Germans
at that time had missions.
They went to India, to
different other parts, Tibet,
and they were doing all
this esoteric research,
which was kind of popular
at that time in Germany.
Much more popular than
anywhere else in the world.
And they came to the
conclusion that before there
was some kind of major
magnetic pole shift, different
continents looked differently.
And they were assuming
that Antarctica
had been some kind of continent
with a much milder climate
and having an
extraterrestrial race
that lived there and
originated there.
So that was kind of
interesting to them.
And one of the reasons to go
to Antarctica in order to,
A, find whatever's left
there, and B, place a basis.
And the documents say and
state that especially the SS
had some departments that
were doing research on UFOs.
We know the story about this.
The British called
them foo fighters,
appearing everywhere in the
Second World War scenario.
And Admiral Donitz at that time,
he got the task from Hitler
to build a basis down in
Antarctica, which he did.
And they went there.
It was especially the
SS that was doing that.
The Germans also sent some--
the so-called
Schwabenlander, which
was a ship, the only aircraft
carrier at that time.
Had some aircrafts on it so
they could explore Antarctica.
But especially the SS did a
lot of ground work down there.
And at some time when the
end of the war was coming
and it was expectable
that Germany
was going to lose the
war, at least in Europe,
and Germany could not be saved
anymore, Himmler himself,
he had built kind of the first
breakaway nation ever occurred
in the modern times.
Because he was actually second
man in the state after Hitler,
but he kept all the technology
for himself and the SS.
And they kind of built the
first black budget programs
at that time and tried to ship
everything down to Antarctica.
The Americans have
some of the submarines.
They have found them.
They also found material
for the nuclear bomb, which
seems to be a German invention.
They seem to have
worked on that.
Also, a lot of
scientists from that time
were pretty deep in
the nuclear research.
From that, I guess the American
nuclear program emerged.
And that's where they went,
putting people down there.
I also think that
from everything
that I've gone through
that Heinrich Himmler--
the Americans seem to
have not caught him.
There is a photograph
which shows
some dead on the ground,
which kind of looks
a little bit like Himmler.
Also put the famous glasses
on his eyes and dead body.
The story is that Himmler
died in the interview.
He killed himself while all
the other military people
are interrogating him.
So the documents seem
to say that Himmler
took his chance to
escape from Germany,
put everything and all the
technology on the K-class
submarines, brought
it to Antarctica.
Hitler in his last days
got the information,
that something was going on.
In his last will, he
was super furious.
In his last will, he ordered to
have Himmler killed, actually.
And that's where the story went.
That's what I read.
>>EMERY: How many people were
actually shipped over there
to Antarctica, would you say?
>>TIM: Yeah, interesting.
So the Germans had a
mission and a program
where they were systematically
looking for orphans.
>>EMERY: Orphans, yeah.
>>TIM: Yeah, orphans.
So people who have no family.
There was a program where
they artificially tried
to raise children for Germany.
They took those,
because they actually
have nothing to relate to.
And they sent them
down there as well as
a whole lot of therapists
and psychologists.
Mostly females.
So you have a lot of--
>>EMERY: Why is that?
>>TIM: Why is that?
So the documents seem
to say that there's
some kind of portal or
something that extremely changes
the perception of reality.
And they needed stable
people down there,
so they put all those female
therapists and psychologists
onto those ships and
submarines in order
to preserve the sanity
of the personnel.
>>EMERY: Tim, most
of the people think
it's a polar cap, so how did
they get in there, number one?
And how did they form and
get all the people in?
>>TIM: So they seem to have used
a special class of submarines,
which uses special
state-of-the-art technology
at that time in order
to go very, very deep.
I think it was almost
double the depth
of a conventional submarine.
It was inside the so-called
Fuhrer Convoy, which
was the collector of the class.
They use that to transport
material, technology
down there.
So from the documents, they went
down there, carved something,
kind of created a sub
climate, so it's not
freezing cold in there.
Just like maybe an igloo.
>>EMERY: Like an igloo.
Right.
>>TIM: Yeah.
So they built upon that.
>>EMERY: So Randy, what
do you think about that?
How did they terraform,
transform that area
underneath the ice caps?
>>RANDY CRAMER: Yeah,
my understanding,
that's basically correct.
Some of the ice shelves
are 1,000 feet thick.
So to get under
them, at the time,
you would have had to
have a submarine that
could go 800, 900, over 1,000
feet deep, which at the time
would be ridiculously deep.
And then came up in what
were natural ice caves.
You know, caverns that had sort
of hollowed out a little bit.
And then used steam
to just make them
as big as they needed to be.
And then if you've got a--
imagine you come underneath
into an ice cave,
and you steam out the cave so
it's got a 100-foot ceiling
and it's several
hundred feet wide.
Well, the ice structure
of the whole thing
would keep it from collapsing.
It would be like an igloo.
It'd be like 60 degrees in
there, or something like that.
And you'd be out of the wind
and the subzero temperatures
and the stuff that kills people
up on the surface, for sure.
>>EMERY: So why Antarctica?
>>TIM: So to my
understanding, there's
something about the polars
of this planet which
makes Antarctica interesting.
I think in the first place,
they thought of Antarctica
being the lost continent.
And that raised the
question, what's down there,
and what can we do with it?
And also, they
needed a place where
they could build a base that
is basically unconquerable.
So lots and lots and
lots of technology
that they went through in World
War II they brought down there.
They took the time
and the position
that they have there
in order to build it,
to restructure, and finalize it.
And I mean, everyone can
look up things on Wikipedia.
They will see that there's this
Admiral Byrd incident where
the US brought a lot of material
and personnel down there,
and they had this encounter
with those flying machines.
>>EMERY: You said earlier
that the Germans were
going down there because
of not only that,
but because of an
extraterrestrial existence.
Could you elaborate on,
how did they know that?
And also, what are
these flying machines,
and who is operating them?
>>TIM: So they were
doing lots and lots
of research in
esoteric terms and also
extraterrestrial technology
back in the 1920s, 1930s.
Basically, there seems to
have been some kind of species
that once was there.
I don't know.
Maybe you know something,
Randy, who was down there.
It seems to be way
back, way back.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>TIM: Yeah.
>>EMERY: Ancient times.
>>TIM: Very ancient times.
>>EMERY: Right So who
were flying these craft?
Are you saying the Germans
were doing alien reproduction
vehicles, or was this
from the species there?
And maybe you can elaborate
on this little war we had
down there, this little attack.
>>TIM: Yeah.
I don't know exactly
what happened there.
I know that those
craft that they built,
the documents seem to say
that people can get in there.
They made them-- they
could operate them.
And at that time, it seems
that they have perfected
the weaponry on those craft.
I have no proof
to whether Germany
was in contact to any
non-terrestrial species
or not at that time.
I assume, because World
War II is so important,
and we know that there was
presence all over the place,
observing what's
happening, that I
mean, it would be
logical that any
of the species that
show some invasive,
directive characteristica, that
they would contact Germany.
But I don't know.
Do you know something?
>>CRAMER: A little.
>>EMERY: Tell us about
that whole conflict
that was going on there.
>>CRAMER: Sure.
So it was called
Operation High Jump.
So the mission
itself was supposed
to take three or four months.
They get down there.
Heavy losses.
Have to turn around and come
back within three weeks.
According to the interview
that was done in--
it was Argentina newspaper,
magazine that interviewed
Admiral Byrd after that.
And he said something
to the effect of,
I don't want to alarm
anyone, but the next war
will be fought by vehicles
that can go from pole to pole
at extreme speeds.
That's a famous quote.
So essentially what we
understand happened there,
they went down prepared
with what we had.
Some things popped
out of the water,
cut one of the
battleships in half,
and essentially
did so much damage
in about minutes that
they were-- oh, we
don't know if we can keep doing
this, and had to turn around.
Now, there was another incident
that occurred with that.
There was an air
crew of a plane that
was sent to fly over Antarctica
to take a look at it.
It was a flight crew that
was all from Oklahoma.
And there was sort
of a mysterious crash
or the vehicle
failed or something.
We're pretty sure they were
shot right out of the sky.
So there's a report on that,
but of course, it was, oops.
We had an accident.
This poor crew-- it was all
guys from Oklahoma-- died there.
But we're pretty sure that that
was also in line with that.
So we know that somebody
knew something and had
the hints and the rumors that
there was something down there.
What everybody knew at the
time, I can't say for sure.
But the goal was hopefully,
let's get down there quick
before they've really
established themselves
and they've got any kind
of military buildup.
But they had just enough ships.
Only takes a couple of ships
with a death ray or a particle
beam to fight a 1940s Navy ship.
So it didn't go very well.
>>TIM: So to my
knowledge, the Americans,
they have detected
some of the submarines
before they could
enter Antarctica?
>>CRAMER: Absolutely.
>>TIM: And the Russians,
they came in a little later.
They had the information
a little later.
They came to Berlin.
They found all those documents.
And there were things
about an Antarctica,
and that's how they
gained knowledge.
Do you know if there was alien
or non-terrestrial presence
in Germany at that time?
>>CRAMER: Well, I mean, there's
just what we've heard or got
from the intel that
we got that was
a combination of some people
from the Thule Society
and some of the different
esoteric SS Nazi types who
were working together,
who were establishing
a protocol similar to actually
what Aleister Crowley was doing
with Jack Parsons and
another friend of his.
Very interesting
sort of parallel
in two very different ways.
So they were using basic psionic
telepathy to communicate,
get information.
But they were practical.
They were like, all right.
Give me some-- I want to
know how to build a rocket.
I want rocket fuel equations.
I want-- they got very specific,
because these were scientists
who were asking the
questions, and ended up
getting some very
forthcoming information.
We feel there's some
vagueness about that,
because as we have
understood over decades,
just because someone shows up
and says, I'm an Andromedan
or I'm a Pleiadian doesn't
mean that they are.
It means they say that they
are, and maybe someone reports
that they are, but
that might not actually
be either where they're from
or what they were doing.
So we have that
vague information,
but there were certainly--
I'm not so sure that they had a
physical presence on the ground
at that point or that, like what
happened later on after World
War II where we had ET
engineers and scientists helping
the Russians and Soviets
at the time, and helping us
and other countries.
I don't know that they
had that at the time.
I would almost suspect
if they did that they
would have made more progress.
>>TIM: Oh.
>>CRAMER: Yeah.
>>TIM: I don't know it either.
It seems like most of what
they were working with
was still materials limitations,
mid-20th century industry,
electronic equipment
limitations.
So there didn't seem
to get any of the leaps
that we got when the ET
scientists came later and were
like, oh, no, no, no, no.
Your materials are all wrong.
Your electronics are all wrong.
You need fiber optics and alloys
and lightweight materials.
And so my understanding
is they didn't
have any of that
at the time, which
is why most of the vehicles
were like flying tanks.
They weren't very
maneuverable and very agile.
>>EMERY: Tell me about the
land part under the ice.
When was that discovered?
And was there extraterrestrial
life there when
they discovered it?
>>CRAMER: Well,
there's actually always
been exposed land in Antarctica.
So the first expeditions
that ever went there,
the farther inland
they got, they
found natural water
sources that were not
frozen with fresh water,
rocky plateaus that
were not covered with ice.
So there's always been
some exposed area there,
and especially as
you get farther down.
But my understanding,
after the incident
that occurred
about a decade ago,
we did send Marines to
secure the situation.
So as a Marine
Corps officer, I do
have to be a little
careful to not
say anything that could
endanger a Marine's
well-being in that situation.
So I'll do my best to
answer the questions in full
that I can, but if I
look like I'm pausing,
it's because I want to make
sure I'm not saying something--
>>EMERY: Sure, sure.
>>CRAMER: But what
I can say, there's
been an archaeological
dig there for decades.
So they finally found
something that was important,
a very large chamber that was
the size of a football field,
or something like that.
Apparently, it was filled
with stasis pods that
were anywhere from a meter,
three feet in length,
to over 30 feet in length.
>>EMERY: [EXHALE]
>>CRAMER: So my
understanding was,
because some of
the schwabenlanders
are still down there,
their inclination
was this could be a biohazard.
We need to burn this to
the ground immediately.
And then there were some
going, no, no, no, no.
This could be really important.
This is an archaeological site.
We can't just burn it down.
And so that's when
we had to deploy
some Marines to make
sure they didn't just
torch the whole thing.
And from what we seem to
understand about this,
this was probably one of the
oldest intergalactic space
ports on the planet, is
the one at Antarctica.
We think that most
of these stasis pods
contain the teleoperational,
biological bodies
for the personnel who
were stationed there.
As we have come to practice
and understand in the work
that we do, you
don't always want
to take a person, their
actual physical, biological,
bacterial, exposed
person, and put them
in a different environment
and bring them back.
And it turns out, teleoperation
of either mechanical drones
or biological drones turns out
to be one of the most efficient
things to do.
Because worst case
scenario, you can just
throw the drone in an
incinerator and burn it,
and then it's not going
to bring anything back.
But apparently,
ETs have been doing
this for a long, long, long time
before we ever learned about it
or started doing it.
So it would make sense
knowing that that any
of the personnel who were
there, so that they wouldn't
be bringing contaminants
back and forth,
would teleoperate a body.
And that for some reason, they
left them there in stasis pods
in case of some kind of
a later activation date.
So what we've been finding is
as we expose more thick ice,
in some cases
you've got hundreds
or 1,000 feet more of
ice on top of this stuff,
we're finding ships
that are intact.
We're finding ships
that are in pieces.
We're finding dead
bodies, corpses,
things frozen in the ice.
There seems to have been
an event which occurred.
That's why they had
to shut the base down.
There was some kind of
a catastrophic calamity
that, based on the
damage that we're seeing,
we don't know from the data that
we're looking at yet whether it
seems to be a natural occurrence
or an unnatural occurrence,
because someone can use
technology that makes
it look like an earthquake
or a natural occurrence
or hurricane, tornado, whatever.
So what I understand,
they're doing
the work of piecing all that
stuff together and trying
to figure out what
all of the information
means while there's some
competition, as always,
over securing
technology, information,
or keeping technology
and information falling
into an opponent's hands that
you don't want to since we're
not always friends.
There's often cooperation
for collective interest
while still competing
and spying and getting
ready to stab each other
in the back, and so forth.
>>EMERY: What was in
these stasis tubes?
>>CRAMER: Like I
said, perfectly--
>>EMERY: Preserved.
>>CRAMER: --perfectly
preserved biological bodies
that if something were to
animate it or teleoperate it,
it would probably pop right up
and move around, because they
weren't decayed, decomposing.
They were perfectly healthy
cells in perfect stasis.
>>TIM: Do your people
know what species--
>>CRAMER: Well,
like I said, we've
got pods anywhere from a
meter to about 30 feet.
So my understanding is they've
identified no less than three
or four dozen different species.
It was a straight
up cross-sectional,
intergalactic cooperative
base where everyone
was playing and participating.
So it wasn't like
one or two species.
It was definitely a
collective galactic operation.
Which, from what we understand,
most of the space ports
like that, everyone uses
them so that everyone
can come and go and make use of
resources, materials, whatever
else they're doing here.
>>TIM: Interesting.
>>CRAMER: Yeah.
>>EMERY: Were there any
energy signatures there
like portals or other
energy signatures
from still operating craft
or still operating buildings?
>>CRAMER: Yeah.
We did find some
operational jump gates.
A couple of them, from
what I understand,
they sent some drones through
that didn't come back,
and they decided not to send
actual personnel through.
And my understanding
is they blew them up.
They were just
like, no, we've got
to blow this up and
make sure that nothing
comes through here.
Because you send
something through a portal
and it doesn't come back to
you, it's usually a bad sign.
>>EMERY: [LAUGHS] Yes.
>>CRAMER: Yeah.
My understanding, there
was a few functional ones.
And who knows where they go to?
But probably whoever was
using that ship or that place
had a jump gate that went
back to their home world
or something, or maybe to a
mothership somewhere far away.
Hard to say.
>>EMERY: So in 2015, about
every world leader and also
religious leader had
visited Antarctica.
And do you have
any information--
what was so
important about that?
>>CRAMER: I don't think I
have all the information,
but I can tell you what I know.
My understanding is
that at the time,
the local commander of the--
I think there's a
Naval base or Naval
station right there that's
been doing ice digging
samples for however long.
So I'm pretty sure it was
the base commander there
who invited these
people a little outside
of the chain of command
of his authority to do so.
[LAUGHS] So everyone came.
And apparently,
because someone--
when commanders sometimes
overstep their bounds,
it's not necessarily because
they're doing the wrong thing.
It means that someone maybe--
they didn't get the advice
on the psychological impact
of people who haven't been
briefed or conditioned
about some of the things.
We find that in the--
whenever standard soldiers,
standard personnel,
standard government
personnel have encounters,
you have these high,
high, high percentages
of people who panic, go
into states of shock.
So I think from
what I understand,
the base commander invited some
people down ahead of a game
plan without making
sure that everyone
had been cleared or prepared
or without a proper briefing.
And then was like,
here, I'm going
to show you some cool
stuff, and you're all
going to be really excited.
And they were, but some
of them were shocked.
Some of them were frightened.
And some of them didn't
handle it as well
as they thought that it would.
>>TIM: What did they see?
>>CRAMER: I'm not sure
what they showed--
I'm not sure what
he showed them.
I mean, based on,
again, what we know
is there and the
archaeological dig,
there's a ton of information
and a ton of whatever they've
got going on there.
So he obviously felt that it
was important for these people
to see it, but I don't think
it was through the chain
of command that he did that.
I think it was he decided
to do it on his own.
And I don't know whether he got
moved to a new job after that.
Probably.
>>TIM: So one thing
that is significant
about Antarctica is that we have
this Antarctica contract that
makes it kind of a
neutral zone for everyone.
And every big nation has
their bases down there.
The Russians are doing--
digging huge holes in there,
putting all those cameras
down there.
And they are finding something.
So there is an enormous
importance about Antarctica.
We just do not know
what is down there.
>>EMERY: Now there are
some intelligence officers
that we have spoke to
that say if we would
come forward and say
what is in Antarctica,
a lot of these people
will get killed
for going public with it.
So I'm going to ask you,
what is in Antarctica?
>>TIM: [LAUGHS]
>>CRAMER: Well, sure.
Good question.
I'll answer that in two parts.
First part is for
decades, we've had issues
where depending on who
you are and what you say
and whether you're
cleared or allowed or not,
whether you disappear,
die in a car accident,
commit suicide in a hotel room.
So it wouldn't be--
we have a history of making
certain people disappear
for saying certain things.
And more often than
not, it has to do
with whether that person
really should be the person
to say that.
So certain people
could say something
about aliens or UFOs,
UAPs over the years.
Nothing could happen to them.
Certain military
intelligence, scientists,
astronomers say something,
their lab gets burned down
and they disappear.
So there's always been an
inconsistency with who gets
punished for saying
something and who doesn't.
So this is one of those
situations where, yeah, it's
delicate.
There's a lot of things
happening down there that
could tip the sway
of panic in the world
if too much information
was to come out
too quickly or to shock
people in a certain way.
We think that information
should come out
rather than it be kept
secret, but we also
understand that you don't
just want to go, blah!
And scare the crap
out of people.
So I think that when you talk
about places on the planet
and old archaeological
sites or old space ports,
this is probably the biggest
one, the oldest one, which
means it's got
the most materials
to go through and look at
and the most square footage
to go through and look at.
And as we learn, the older
something is, the more likely
you've got that one in
100 chance that you're
going to find that real rare
item of technology or something
that is like, oh, I found
the most amazing thing,
or you get the Rosetta Stone
or sort of the equivalent of it
by getting it first.
So any time there's
old stuff, it's
like, you want to go check
that out and grab it.
>>EMERY: Well, like the UFO soft
disclosure they're doing now,
I mean, there was
something recently
in the media about finding a
civilization in Antarctica.
And that was not everywhere
published, but it is out there.
So I see that as a soft
disclosure of getting things
out there, besides the
point of them running down
there and pillaging everything
and putting Egyptian stuff down
there and mine stuff there to
confuse the poor scientists
that do go in there.
But go ahead, Tim.
What do you have?
What's your take?
>>TIM: Yeah, Randy, have
you interacted with the ice
Germans in any way?
>>CRAMER: No, not that I'm
personally aware of, no.
The only interactions
that I've had
would be meetings where
I've had to be present
and maybe they were present,
but I've never sat down,
chatted with them, had
a beer or anything.
>>TIM: So do you know
anything about their military
down there, their
agendas or something?
>>CRAMER: I know a little
bit about some of their ships
and how they're
designed, and I've
talked to a couple of people
who've served in the service
there, and so have told me
some things about the tech
and the stuff that they use.
Can't verify all of the
things that I've heard,
so I wouldn't repeat
a bunch of them.
But they've-- I--
>>TIM: Do you want to share it?
>>CRAMER: I don't want to
offend you when I say this,
but they've taken a very German
approach to doing things.
[LAUGHS]
>>TIM: I don't feel very
German, so I'm OK with that.
>>CRAMER: So the ships are very
heavy duty, they're very thick,
they're very hard,
they're very solid.
But they're not as fast.
They're not as maneuverable.
We tend to want to have
something that's much quicker.
They want things that are
really durable and solid.
>>TIM: Do they still
use the swastika?
>>CRAMER: Yes, absolutely.
Absolutely.
Now from what I've seen,
there is another uniform
that they do wear sometimes
that's a toned down thing.
And you literally have
to look at the patch
to see where the little
teeny swastika in the patch
is so that it's not blazingly
in front of everybody.
So they're trying to say,
no, we're not really Nazis,
but we are.
You know what I'm saying?
So they put a little teeny
one on the patch there.
So there's a couple different
uniforms that they've used.
I don't know what's current.
>>EMERY: So with the climate
change, it getting warmer,
how does that affect Antarctica
and some of the things
that are there that
will be exposed?
>>CRAMER: Well, from what I
understand, there's already
a pyramid that's
been exposed by that,
that some pictures
have been taken of.
It's just going to expose
everything at some point.
So at some point, whatever's
under all of that ice
is going to melt
away, and it's just
going to be out there in plain
view for everyone to see.
So it's one of those
things, you could only
keep it a secret for
so long at this point.
So I don't think
that they're going
to keep it a secret until
the whole thing's melted,
but at some point, we're going
to be able to see it all.
>>EMERY: I did here of a craft
that is sticking out of the ice
quite dramatically
that they're trying
to hide on Google Earth
and other imagery,
using three-dimensional
imagery and stuff
and trying to cover it up.
Do you know about this?
>>CRAMER: Yeah.
So recently, there
was a photograph
of what they're calling
an ice ship that
looks like a boat that's
been frozen in the water.
My understanding is that
they changed that, so instead
of it looking just like a
cylinder tube on the ground,
they made it look like an
icebreaker or something that's
there.
But yeah, my understanding
is that's literally
something sticking up out of the
ice that is not an icebreaker.
It's not an actual
seaworthy vessel.
>>EMERY: Right.
And also, a scientific
team did discover
flying over this giant crevasse,
this hole in the ground.
Can you tell us about that?
>>CRAMER: Yeah, there is
a hole at the South Pole
and there's one
at the North Pole.
So the one at the
South Pole is the one
that people know the least
about or probably have
seen the least of.
The northern one is the
one in which old sailors,
when they would talk
about approaching
the edge of the
world and would see
this long edge of the
ocean falling down
into nowhere, well,
it's big enough
that if you're on a boat, you
can't see end to end, right?
So it would seem like
it stretches endlessly,
but it doesn't.
It just goes in a big circle.
My understanding
is that the water
underneath the ocean,
which according to NASA
has more water than
the oceans have.
So there's more water on
the planet under the oceans
than we have in the oceans.
Just try to grasp
that for a second.
And that there's essentially
a recycling process.
So as water at the north
falls down into the hole,
it goes down into
the bottom, which
then just pushes
back up in the oceans
and balances out
the water levels.
But all the drawings and
so forth from sailors back
in the old days saying, it's
the end of the world, nope.
That was the hole at
the North Pole, which
is in the middle of the water as
opposed to the one in the South
Pole that is in the
middle of a landmass.
But apparently, they're
the most direct ways
to get to the Agarthan Network
is through those holes.
Not saying that
they're not guarded,
you can just go down there
without someone saying,
what are you doing down here?
But those are, my understanding,
the most direct access points,
which is why the base was
built down at that point,
right next to it
so that there was
an easy in and out between
the species and the Agarthan
Network and the
base on the surface,
and whatever was happening
on the surface at the time.
It was so long ago.
My understanding, like,
400,000, 500,000 years ago.
Maybe longer.
>>TIM: Yeah.
>>EMERY: As we wind
up this episode, Tim,
please tell us the significance
of the Germans basically
discovering Antarctica and
building up Antarctica,
some of the first people.
>>TIM: So I had a conversation
with other species,
talking about the
significance of Germans
for the evolution
of the universe.
And we could agree
upon that Germans,
because of their significance
for the timeline of the world,
they kind of have their
own karmic healing to do,
and they have to
play a role in order
to bring this chaos
of the timeline,
of the evolution of humanity
in some helpful order
in some way or another.
So Germans seem to be a nation
or a group of people that
actually had a very profound
connection to nature
and a super high
spiritual potency.
And in those conversations
that I have with other beings,
I think that this is the way
Germans have to come back
to that, to feel their
connectivity to the world
and play a significant part
in the spiritual evolution
of this world.
And this is a task
that they need
to do at one point or
another spiritually.
>>EMERY: Yeah, how fascinating.
I really believe that as well,
because the extraterrestrials
and the Germans were some of
the first contact, you know?
And they picked the Germans.
>>TIM: At least in modern times.
>>EMERY: Right.
In modern times.
Correct.
>>TIM: And I also
think that there
was some kind of potency to the
World War in terms of energy
that could go in
the right direction.
If you see the swastika
and its actual meaning
of being children of the
sun in some way or another,
that is something that
might be the first idea
and the foundation
of what could heal
that emotional and spiritual
path from the past.
>>EMERY: Absolutely.
Well, thank you, Tim,
and thank you, Randy,
for being on the show today.
>>TIM: Thank you, Emery.
>>CRAMER: Thanks for having me.
>>EMERY: I'm Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]
>>ANNOUNCER: Next on
"Cosmic Disclosure."
>>RICHARD DOTY: So what
we were trying to do
is open a portal in the fabric
of space in order to travel.
>>TIM: Germany was probably the
first nation in modern history
that had experiments
on time travel.
Their approach was to use high
voltage in order to melt down
the fabric of space.
>>DOTY: I said, no,
where were you born?
He says, it's very difficult
to explain because I was born
1,000 years into the future.
I came back in time.
We didn't open up a time portal.
We opened up a dimension.